as Theodore Vail noted real difficulties
can be overcome it's only the imaginary
ones that are the reason that I love
that is because it is a powerful
reminder at the end of the day you're
choosing what to believe at the end of
the day all those things in your head
that seem like you could never get over
them you've made them up you've decided
to obsessively focus on those things and
as Oprah said what we dwell on is who we
become and think about that for a second
think about today just audit your
thoughts what did you spend your time
thinking on did you obsessively think
about the way that things could go right
or did you obsessively think about the
things that could go wrong all the
myriad ways that you need to protect
yourself and that's how it feels in the
moment you think I'm just planning for
the worst-case scenario I'm thinking
through all the ways that something
could go wrong so that I can be prepared
for it not understanding that what
you're doing is focusing on all the ways
that it could go along there imagine
futures they are not real and in that
like a race car driver goes where the
eyes go
you will go where your thoughts go you
will become your thoughts so instead of
boxing yourself in and thinking only
about all the different ways that
something could be bad could break could
fall to pieces think about all the
things that you could do if you take the
action all the myriad ways that things
could come to your aid and work out for
the better
obsessively think on that and let
failure be a total surprise in
that you will take the actions that you
need to be successful but first you've
got to train yourself to obsess over all
the ways
your life could go right from there
you'll act